[Music]
Namo Ten Directions Dharma Realm Ever-
Abiding Three Jewels, Great Witness, Namo Buddha
Shakyamuni, we respectfully beseech all
Buddhas, Bodhisattvas, Virtuous Saints, Sangha, and
society to witness and support us, all Deities,
Spirits, and Guardian Deities to
support us. We
continue the ceremony of offering the bed for the consciousness of
Buddhist follower Pham Van Thuong, Dharma name Minh Tri. Namo Ever-Protecting
Bodhisattva Maha Bodhisattva. We invite the congregation and
family to return to the
deceased's home to perform the ceremony of offering the bed for the
consciousness of Buddhist follower Pham Van Thuong.
[Music]
Namo Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva, the Great Vow-Guiding Teacher, inviting the
consciousness of
Buddhist follower Pham Van Thuong, Dharma name Minh
Tri, to leave his physical body at 6 PM on
March 20th, 2011 (Year of the Ox), at the
age of 80, buried at Thanh Son Ward Cemetery,
Uong Bi City, Quang Ninh Province.
Now, return to the family to receive food and
drink, and to receive the bed. We invoke the mantra: Namo Bodhisattva,
to do what, ...  What is
the purpose of this? What is the purpose of this? Dat is at
[music]
the family offering incense, so
take rice down to offer
[music]
the sea of ​​the altar of Ngo Nam Mo Tat and has forgiven
A-da and the two Tri counting Tam Bat out Tam Bac
Gia Hong Nam Mo Tat Pha Da and Du Tri to
Tam Bac Sac Hong Nam Mo Tat into the funeral of
A-da and the number only counting Tam Bao Gia Tam Ba Ta Hong Yen
Ky chuyên chuyên Nam Mo To Do Ba
Ta has dissolved into stone out Da Da Di Khag Nam Mo To Du Sao Nam Mo To Du
Sapa in offering to A Nga and Tam Bao Ba Phien Nha
Sao
Hong An Tam Bao and Viet Nhat out Hong
may the consciousness of Buddhist followers and the
spirits
be satisfied with food, hear the
scriptures, awaken to Buddhist teachings, develop reverence and faith in the Buddha, rely on the
Tam Bao to practice and seek liberation from suffering
Nam Mo Buddha
Shakyamuni the
whole family offering rice with love and
understanding now Chau Long believes with one
heart The consciousness of Buddhist followers Two bows
[music]
invite the whole family and all
Buddhist followers to gather at the
Buddha altar so that we may offer prayers to the Buddha and dedicate the
merit  Merit for the deceased
[music]
Namo Ten Directions Dharma Realm Ever-
Abiding Three Jewels Great Witness Namo Buddha
Shakyamuni We respectfully beseech all Buddhas, Bodhisattvas, Virtuous
Saints, Sangha, Deities, Spirits, and Guardian Deities to
witness
that
we, Buddhist followers, may rely on the grace of the
Three Jewels to perform
meritorious deeds at the home of the devotee Pham Van Tuan, Dharma name
Minh Tue. Now that the
funeral arrangements are complete, we dedicate the merit of
this Six Harmonious Deeds to the Buddhist families who participated and to the
family of the devotee Pham Van
Tuan, Dharma name Minh Tue, so that their blessings may increase, their evil
karma may be eliminated, their
wishes may be easily fulfilled, and they may create auspicious conditions for forming
Dharma connections with each other, diligently practicing together to seek
Supreme Enlightenment. We
also dedicate this merit to the consciousness of
Buddhist follower Pham Van Thuong, Dharma name Minh
Tri, so that he may increase his blessings and karmic connections to rely on the
Three Jewels, continuing to practice the Six Harmonious Deeds.
Respectfully, together with the Buddhist followers in the
Golden Chrysanthemum Club, accumulating merits to seek
Supreme Enlightenment. We also dedicate this merit.  May
the merits of all the
celestial beings, gods, and guardian spirits be
increased, may all of them
diligently protect the Three Jewels, and may they attain
Supreme Enlightenment. We also dedicate this merit
to all the departed souls who have a karmic connection at this
funeral, that they may all attain enlightenment in the
Buddha's teachings, abandon delusion, take refuge in the Three
Jewels, practice diligently, and soon be liberated, forming a
karmic connection with us to practice until
[music]
enlightenment
[music] taking refuge in the
Buddha, may all beings understand the
great path and
develop the supreme aspiration
[music]
taking refuge in the Dharma, may all beings
penetrate the scriptures and possess wisdom as vast as the ocean
[music]
taking refuge in the Sangha, may all beings manage the great multitude
[music] all Buddhists, please sit down, while the family of the faithful kneel to offer thanks. At this time, the Chau Long altar, the faithful, with hearts full of gratitude, offer the Fourfold Ceremony [music]
[music]
[music] The
funeral ceremony has concluded perfectly.
Namo Buddha Shakyamuni
[music]